Team 50

Instructions:
 
1- Run Controller class from the controller package. For most laptops, the window is maximized automatically, however make sure it is if it is not.

2-To select the two heroes, click on your desired hero then click on the confirm button. Repeat for the second hero.

3-Click on any card to view its details and possible actions (attack / summon / confirm target / cast spell).

4-To summon a minion, click on the minion in your hand and then click on the Summon button.

5-To attack a minion, click on the minion in your field then click on the Attack button in the details window. Then click on your target minion and select Confirm Target from its details window.

6-To attack a hero, click on the minion in your field then click on the Attack button. Then click on your target hero's icon.

7-To cast a spell, click on the spell in your hand then click on Cast Spell. 
     *For spells that are both minion target and hero target, you will be given the choice to target a minion or the hero.
          ^In case you want to target a hero, just click on the Target Hero button.
          ^In case you want to target a minion, click on the Target Minion button. You will be asked to choose a target minion,  choose it, click on it and then click on the Confirm Target button.
     *For minion target and leeching spells, after clicking on the Cast Spell button you will be prompted to select a target minion. Choose it, click on it and then click on the Confirm Target button.

8-To use the hero power, click on the Use Hero Power button on the left of the screen.
    *For both Mage and Priest heroes, you will be prompted to either use the hero power on a minion or on a hero.
         ^In case of using it on a hero, click on the Target a Hero button in the prompt then click on your target hero.
         ^In case of using it on a minion, click on the Target a Minion button in the prompt then click on your target minion then click on the Confirm Target button.

9-To end your turn, click on the End Turn button on the left of the screen.

10-Player 1's hand and field are always at the top half of the screen and those of Player 2 are always at the bottom half. Player 1's icon will be indicated by a '1' and Player 2's icon will be indicated by a '2'.  It will be very clear whose turn it is once you play (hint: watch out for moving objects) :).

11-There are three fonts included in the project, for Windows 10 laptops the project should work fine with no further steps, however, for any reason, you can install them from within the project by clicking on them in the Package Explorer and then install (for macbooks). This project is best run on Windows 10 PCs.


